okay this is my behave a baby cook and
I've got it loaded with roasted red
pepper and goat cheese I did not use it
to cook the red pepper I cooked it in
the oven in fact a lot of the times I
won't use it to cook I can buy like to
cook a bigger batch but it's nice for
smaller batches especially a smaller
fruits but what you do to cook is turn
it to the left and you feel a little
reservoir with water and it just seems
right in there in the basket and then
you remove the basket dumps the food in
and then you can process it so I meant a
food processing part so all you do to
you know
puree the the veggies and it does
provide a pretty coarse chop it's not
super smooth so if you're just starting
your baby on food might not be the best
option a blender might be better for
that because you can get it really
really smooth but all you do is turn it
won't stay puree you have to hold it in
order for it to work I couldn't walk
away from
but it does go
all right so that's about good okay so
this is roasted red peppers and goat
cheese what I'm also gonna show you of
my favorite tools these are the perfect
cube ice cube trays and there are
silicones you can see they're real bendy
you can pop the veggies and fruits right
out pretty easily I'll show you how to
do that in a minute but there are some
tricks to loading them and filling them
well that I have learned along the way
so this one I've got almost full but
we'll start with the front one the
tricky part is making sure that each
cube is filled completely with food
that's the one thing I'm actually just
gonna fill that up that's the one thing
I've run into is making a batch of these
and then going to pop them out after
they've frozen and finding that there
are air bubbles in the middle stuff but
it's the only thing that you want to try
and avoid because each of these is
exactly one ounce of food which makes it
really easy for you to measure out how
much your baby's getting but my little
tricks for filling are using this
spatula which is just from
williams-sonoma you can tell it's very
well loved because it's just colored and
very used looking at this point but it's
the perfect size for just running along
the edges because you really want to
make sure that these are visible so your
ice cubes pop out or your little keeps a
food pop out really easily then one will
do once I've got it filled is just pick
it up and drop it a little bit just to
make sure all the air is out and see if
it settles and that one looks like it's
settling pretty darn well I think I'm
gonna do it before you put it in the
freezer is take a paper towel and I just
run the paper towel or you can do this
with a rag if you're super green and you
run it all the way along the edges and
you make sure that you know the trade is
pretty well cleans before you put it in
the freezer and that's it in the freezer
ready to go
all right next thing up is what you do
once they're frozen
these were sweet potatoes that I made
last night I'll just show you how easy
it is to pop them out all I do is just
work it back and forth you can see that
they're coming out and I just pop them
right onto the counter it's really I
know it's clean so out onto the
counter and I'll spare you all I've been
popping out but the way that I work like
this done if I've got large thick block
bags that I have labeled with the
vegetable and or fruits and the date
because these will keep for three months
and I'll go through them and bring them
it's no problem but what I do is I put
all of the cubes in the bag and they you
know end up lying perfectly square and
perfectly flat and then I'll show you
outside in my freezer
I've got cubes out there and then I just
back all of the bags you know one by one
so I can just flip through for each meal
and pick whatever I want to use but they
stand up by themselves and they stack
beautifully which is one of the reasons
why I love the silicone perfect cube
trays the other thing is you know I
tried using the regular plastic ones but
I just had on hand and I couldn't pop
the vegetables out when I tried a test
batch before I purchased these
I'll put a link on the blog beast but
you can buy these I think I'm gonna
Amazon and then I also I'm lucky enough
to have a Williams Nona outlet close to
my home and so I picked up a couple of
extra I have six total because I tend to
cook in large large batches and that way
I don't have to cook fast or twice a
month
I don't even think I cook twice a month
so I would say once a month once every
two months I cook babies and they just
do it for a whole day and list any help
that I have with visitors who are
willing to cook up see my mother but
that's all of the cubes you know just
pop them in here so you can see what I'm
talking about as far as how I store them
I've got an extra freezer outside that I
use for
baby food and that I had intended to use
for breast milk and that catch is just a
little bit of overflow from my main
freezer in the house but it's luckily
it's right next to my cabin so I just
hop out there and take her food and then
I bring it in to microwave it so once
it's stopped I have it like that
um and so therefore if you do have extra
space in the bottom and you want to have
a back supply which I always have you
could just stack the bags right on top
of each other and you don't lose any
wasted space in the freezer so that's
the storage
so I thought it would be a good idea to
show you my freezer system I just you
had actual views of what it looked like
from when I go and grab boots so what I
typically do as soon as my daughter's in
her high chair and eating some finger
foods as I come out to the freezer which
is just right around the corner from my
kitchen and go through all of my bags
and as you can see I have a very low
supply right now I'm just because I can
for at the tail end of our homemade baby
food because she's eating so many solid
foods so I've got everything lined up
here stacks flat usually I have them
just into fruit versus vegetables if I
make something small or I have just a
few things left over I'll put them in
the court bags over on this side if
these are just a hanging file bins and
they can come and pop right out of the
freezer
so you've easy access to any of the food
that you want to store underneath that's
it it's super easy this allows for very
efficient storage I've got Oh probably
ten different kinds of foods right here
and there's more underneath for my back
stock and you can also stack them
sideways and again you have some of the
little things I always have my ice packs
for when I'm out on the go ready to go
into my little freezer cooler so I think
the first but good luck with your baby
food making and please contact me of you
have any questions or would like any
words of wisdom thanks